[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I know what it means to go.
[ECHOING]
I know all of us have
to go away one day.
I have had an experience
of near death.
I have come back.
But I am going one day.
We are not alone.
We are with him or
her, the spirit.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>My grandfather, Mohandas
Karamchand Gandhi,
used to say that physical death
is the birth of spiritual life.
He felt that since light
is enlightenment and also
a life-giving
source, when we die,
we all merge into the
great sun or the moon,
because they are the celestial
lights that give us life,
and they take us back again.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>We are not alone.
We are with him or her.
the spirit.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Give us life.
And take us back again.
[MUSIC PLAYING]